hello friends listen I want to come
today to you with this video as a
follow-up to my blog post on the L'Oreal
Paris new ain't perfect cell renewal
creams and it's been two weeks now that
I've been using the product and in the
morning when I wake up I simply wash my
face or just rinse my face with warm
water and a towel dry I will then put on
the 808 perfect cell renewal day cream
this is a very nice I haven't been using
a lot but it goes on really smooth using
my fingertips an upward motion I rub it
in I followed that up with the age
perfect cell renewal Sarah
this I love because it gives you such a
silky silky feeling to your face now
again very little I don't use a lot and
I just rub that in and again and this is
all put on before my morning makeup so I
love these products and it does not have
a harsh smell it's not irritating has
not made my face red hasn't made my face
breakout so I use these two products in
the morning in the evening when I return
home getting ready for bed I will remove
all my makeup with a makeup talat remove
everything then I rinse with warm water
again I will then follow it up with the
H perfect cell renewal night cream this
is just a little bit thicker and that's
what you want because that night you see
I've been using it at night is when your
body is at rest and you want something
thicker so that it's going to absorb
over the night so again using my
fingertips I'm rubbing in an upward
motion again upward you know after the
age of 15 things start to fall you want
to bring it back up so just bring
everything up and that is my skin
regimen I love this product and as you
can tell it's been two weeks and if you
follow my other videos you'll see they
have no adverse reactions there is no
redness no bumps I
there's been no problems with this
product so I will come back
and talk about the final results and by
then private uh big sales going on for
the holiday but I do recommend the
L'Oreal Paris new cell renewal again the
day cream and the serum oh and by the
way you can also use the serum at night
you can use both these together and then
that together but I prefer just to do
the night cream but I may start at
because the weather gets drier and you
have the heat on at night and I'm going
to follow up with the the serum and that
might make my skin even more silky so
when I come back the next time I'm gonna
have a combination at night and I'll let
you know the results but right now I'm
just using the serum and day cream
together and the night cream solo next
time I'm going to use together and
together alright if you have any
questions let me know but otherwise I
hope you have a beautiful day